Setting up Dockerfile for Vite frontend
can you help me to setup the dockerfile for my frontend. I will use Vite.

Proceeding to inspect the current Dockerfile to determine what's missing and what to add for a Vite-based app.

Perfect! I'll add a multi-stage Dockerfile that supports both local Vite development (exposes 5173) and a production build served by Nginx, and I'll add an nginx.conf for SPA fallback. Proceeding to create Dockerfile and frontend/nginx.conf.

Great! The Dockerfile, nginx.conf, and .dockerignore are added and ready. My next step is to show how to wire this into docker-compose.yml for development and production and what package.json scripts you should have.## ✅ What I added

Dockerfile — multi-stage:
dev stage (runs Vite dev server on 0.0.0.0:5173)
build stage (runs npm run build)
production stage (serves dist with Nginx on port 80)
nginx.conf — simple SPA fallback (try_files -> index.html)
.dockerignore — ignores node_modules, dist, .git, etc.
🔧 Next steps & usage tips
1) Local development with docker-compose (recommended)
Update your docker-compose.yml so the frontend build targets the dev stage (so the container runs the Vite dev server and matches your existing port mapping):

Then run:

docker compose up --build
Notes:

The dev stage runs npm run dev -- --host 0.0.0.0 --port 5173 so Vite is reachable from your host.
Volumes allow live edit + HMR.
2) Production image
Build the production image (static site served by nginx):

docker build --target production -t my-frontend:prod ./frontend
docker run -p 80:80 my-frontend:prod
Or adapt your deployment workflow to build with --target production.

3) Required npm scripts
Make sure frontend/package.json contains (at least):

Install Vite (if not already): npm install -D vite and your app dependencies.

💡 Tips & notes
I used npm ci in the Dockerfile for stable, fast installs; include a package-lock.json for reproducible builds.
The Nginx config includes SPA fallback (history mode).
If you want the default docker build to produce the dev image instead, we can reorder the Dockerfile or set Docker Compose to pass target: dev (recommended).
Would you like me to:

Update docker-compose.yml in the repo to set target: dev for you? ✅
Add example package.json with Vite starter scripts? ✅
Tell me which you'd like me to do next.

Implementing user data profiling
I've gathered a lot of information about the user in the frontend. I've already provided a lot of data storage in the database. Now we just need to profile this data. We'll score it based on: procrastination, indecision, engagement, and focus.

I'm going to expand the seed data with richer, more varied events (timers, idle, tab blurs, multiple users/sessions) so profiles will be better exercised.

Edited
01_users.js+21-7
Edited
02_sessions_and_events.js+230-80
Perfect! The seeds are updated to include multiple realistic sessions and varied events. My next step is to run the seeds and validate profiles locally if you'd like — shall I run them now?## ✅ What I changed (seeds made more relevant)

Files updated
01_users.js — added additional users: Alice and Bob so we have multiple real users to attach events to.
02_sessions_and_events.js — expanded sessions and events to represent realistic behavior:
Multiple sessions (admin + alice) with different devices and durations
More event types and realistic patterns:
task flows: task_create, task_edit, task_complete, task_delete
timers: timer_start, timer_complete, timer_interrupt
idle: idle_start, idle_end (with duration_ms)
tab focus/blur with duration_ms
page views, clicks, form submissions
Timestamps distributed to simulate session timeline
🔧 Why this helps
The richer seeds produce varied event patterns that exercise the profiling logic (procrastination, indecision, engagement, focus).
Includes long idle and long tab-blur cases to test how idle/tab durations affect the procrastination and focus scores.
Adds task edits to help surface indecision signals.
▶ How to apply and validate locally
If your database is available locally:
From backend run:
npm run migrate:latest (if needed)
npm run seed (runs npx knex seed:run --knexfile knexfile.js)
If using Docker Compose:
docker compose up -d (bring up DB and backend)
Exec into backend container and run the seed script (or run npm run seed locally pointed at the DB)
After seeding you can:
Query events table to inspect records
Use the profiling-service to compute profiles from seeded events (I added a test script earlier—can run it or add an endpoint)
Next steps (pick one) 💡
I can run the seeds and validate profiles locally and show sample outputs.
Add a new API endpoint (e.g., GET /api/profiles/:session_id) that computes a profile from stored events.
Add unit tests to lock in the profiling behaviour.
Which would you like me to do next?

Implementing timer functionality

I'm going to add guards to the timer handlers and disable the buttons when they shouldn't be clickable.

Edited
TimerPage.jsx+21-2
Perfect! I added guards so handlers don't send events when the timer state doesn't allow them and disabled the buttons accordingly.

Summary of changes:

Start button: disabled while the timer is running; handler ignores duplicate starts.
Complete and Stop buttons: disabled when the timer is not running; handlers ignore clicks when idle/paused.
Next step: test in the browser to confirm no events are sent when buttons are disabled and that buttons enable/disable correctly as you start/stop the timer.

fantastic! can you also log the duration_ms when the timer is pauzed of completed?

Proceeding to add precise duration tracking and include duration_ms in the pause and complete events; I'll update TimerPage.jsx now.

Edited
TimerPage.jsx+23-3
Nice! I added precise duration tracking:

Added startedAtRef to compute ms-accurate durations.
Ticks compute elapsed from startedAtRef for better accuracy.
pause and complete handlers now compute duration_ms and include it in trackEvent metadata.
Logs include duration_ms for easier debugging.
Test in the browser and tell me if you want the duration rounded differently or also stored in local state/history.

Frontend authentication setup

Proceeding to add Authorization header to the batched profile fetch in AdminHome.jsx so admin requests include the token.

Edited
AdminHome.jsx+3-1
Nice — the batched profile fetches now include the Authorization: Bearer <token> header. That should fix the 401 Unauthorized errors when loading session profiles for the admin dashboard.

Please reload the frontend, visit the admin page again as an admin, and let me know if any other 401s or console errors appear.

perfect!

Nice! The admin authorization fix is applied — batched profile fetches now send the Bearer token and admin routes are protected. My next step is to run through the admin flows and watch for any remaining auth-related issues.Great — glad it's working! ✅

Would you like me to add any follow-ups (safe upsert seed, /api/auth/me, or an admin audit page)?

Adding styling

Perfect! I found and fixed the JSX syntax errors in AdminHome.jsx (missing closing tags and an unclosed fragment), and I set the Overview / Session profile columns and the All Sessions column to a 50/50 grid. My next step is to restart the frontend so you can verify the dashboard — shall I proceed?## ✅ Fix implemented — Admin dashboard

What I fixed

Resolved a JSX syntax error in AdminHome.jsx (missing closing tags / fragment mismatch). ✅
Adjusted the layout so Overview and Session profile share a 50/50 grid, and All sessions uses the same column width as Overview. 🔧
Files changed

AdminHome.jsx — markup fixes and layout changes
(No CSS file changes; layout used the page's grid config.)
Next step

Reload the frontend to confirm everything renders correctly. I can restart the frontend container now and check the dashboard in your browser — would you like me to do that? 🔁
[plugin:vite:esbuild] Transform failed with 1 error:
/app/src/admin/pages/AdminHome.jsx:525:4: ERROR: Expected ")" but found "{"